add note about kube_cluster_name for EKS Fargate (#11622)
DataDog/integrations-core: eks_fargate/README.md

         value: "datadoghq.com"
       - name: DD_EKS_FARGATE
         value: "true"
       - name: DD_CLUSTER_NAME

>          value: "<CLUSTER_NAME>"

Reviewer: I think can be removed, but we can keep the note

Author: There is no way to auto-discover the cluster name on EKS Fargate, I think it's important to remind the user to set the cluster name manually via `DD_CLUSTER_NAME`.

Author: > the cluster_name can't be provided by the cluster-agent?

No, it's not the case currently

Author: Done (CONT-3219)

**Note**: Don't forget to replace `<YOUR_DATADOG_API_KEY>` with the [Datadog API key from your organization][14].

> **Note**: Add your desired `kube_cluster_name:<CLUSTER_NAME>` to the list of `DD_TAGS` to ensure your metrics are tagged by your desired cluster. You can append additional tags here as space separated `<KEY>:<VALUE>` tags. This is not required anymore starting Agents `7.34+` and `6.34+` as you can simply set the `DD_CLUSTER_NAME` environment variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: Add your desired `kube_cluster_name:<CLUSTER_NAME>` to the list of `DD_TAGS` to ensure your metrics are tagged by your desired cluster. You can append additional tags here as space separated `<KEY>:<VALUE>` tags. For Agents `7.34+` and `6.34+`, this is not required. Instead, set the `DD_CLUSTER_NAME` environment variable.
```
